DOC-7123 APM sweep (#3783)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/apm/new-relic-apm/getting-started/view-app-alert-information-apm.mdx

title: View app alert information in APM
tags:
  - APM
  - Getting started

> metaDescription: 'How to view alert policies, conditions, violations, and other activity and events directly from APM.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
metaDescription: How to view alert policies, conditions, violations, and other activity and events directly from APM.
```
